Uh, hi, Hamman.
Hi, sir. Hi, sir.
Uh, the faculty will join on, uh, 6 45. Okay. Oh, okay.
The call from. Okay.
Hundred person, just be waiting the clock. Okay? Sure, sure.
Thank you. Sure. Thank you.
Uh, just Michelle sir, will be joining at around 6 45 sim.
Can someone ping in the WhatsApp then?
I just to join? Um, is there,
is there a class going on?
No. No, sir. Told you join until 6 45.
That's what we're waiting for, sir, to come.
Okay, cool. Thanks
Ma'am. Are you here
for any TAs?
You not at any good news refers. Just wait, care.
Oh, the wait is too long.
My ears are waiting for good news. Yes. Everybody's same.
Come.
Any announcements due? Yes.
Sorry, I was waiting. Any
from, I
We already lost, uh, 40 minutes.
Uh, sorry. 20 minutes. We hardly left
with, uh, 40 minutes. Yeah,
40 minutes, correct.
Time in two, two.
Yeah. Let's, let's have a good start in the next class.
Can we have one, one more class at, uh, 7 45? All Yeah.
I need to prepare the, I need to,
Okay. Okay. That is
why I got it.
So you also there today? No, no, no, no.
I'm, I'm, last,
last.
No, no. Mine is February 25th. Oh, after you.
It's mine.
I had no choice when I started looking at the sheet.
Mistake. I didn't know that
That Brita was the only one by choice.
She selected the, the top most, uh, slot.
Yeah. Later move on.
Actually, I did not know that. Uh, that list is published.
By the time I knew I opened. All,
All the bottom bottoms slot are gone.
Second beam sensor. Exactly like movie theater.
Like all the backseats are taken. Correct.
You on the camera. I think you want to. Oh my God.
What about the camera and all, just like that.
I had a new No, I just combed my head. That's why everyone,
so this class became a fashion show?
Exactly. Not fashion show fun
activity. Okay.
For yoga? Yes.
Yeah. You, we would them if we had come
for the the, so yoga,
No, no, not required.
Sorry. No,
I don't think anyone is looking at, uh, any,
any other person will be simply looking at our own.
Even in, uh, my company,
whenever we are required to turn our cameras,
all my colleagues, they only look at themselves.
Even myself, I only look at myself. How am I looking?
Nobody looks at anybody else.
Anyway, we, we had this, uh, whatever science is going
to teach, it's going to go above ahead anyway.
And especially for you, if your, your mind is only with, uh,
I think the literature review.
Yeah. And now that you brought the topic, like for me,
at least half of it is already over
my head on Bounce or something. So
Can everybody, Simon, how can you say like that? Come
On. Like,
No. Glad. No.
So can anybody help from that PD learning part to
take Correct.
Maybe collectively we can pay also,
but yeah, just throwing it out there, like maybe off, uh,
off the chat we can have like an hour meeting.
So just go over the topics and just randomly, uh, you're
Telling among ourselves, right?
Informally. Yeah. Yeah. That we can do that.
We can do actually actually whoever,
whoever understood can actually give a small presentation
and we can all follow it.
That, that will be really good. Yeah.
Let's not put a high bar. I think
if you say whoever understood the whole thing,
probably everybody will say no.
Correct. From large.
Any comments regarding how the presentation was?
Like any requirements? Anything from last case?
You're talking about, uh, literature review? Yes.
Yes. I Would love to hear, uh, the input.
The first, last, last session,
last piece was I was the one who was doing
So, so I, I think, I think, uh, beam Bema sensor is there.
He would, he would be better person to give a review
because he is the one gave who gave a presentation last time
and even vibe bu also gave, I think, right?
Yeah. Vibe also gave, he's,
and then the today's, uh, this
reinforcement classes canceled, is it?
No, no, it is there, sir. 12, 6 45. Now it is seven o'clock.
They're telling. So we, we'll wait and see. Okay.
We are hoping for the thing.
Okay. So in the classroom,
if the service is not there,
we'll all be chit chatting, right?
That is what is happening right now over here,
Right?
Uh, good evening. Sorry, I got delayed. We had a good sir.
Webinar today. Good evening, sir.
Good evening, Sir.
Evening. Good evening, sir.
Good evening. So we had a webinar today, so
for which I had to attend that, so I got late for that.
Sure, sir.
We were Just chatting before you came.
We had a lot of time. We were
just chatting, chatting to each other.
Okay. So I see a lot
of people are there 41 people.
Okay.
I said before you start, just wanted to confirm one thing
that, uh, these, uh, end semester exam will be on, uh,
second week of March, right?
Mm-hmm. Or, uh, this date is not, uh,
Uh, first week of March.
Okay? I can,
Okay, so the, those dates,
they will be taking care while you have no idea about date.
Uh, we got 22 dates, uh, but we'll let you know, okay?
Mm-hmm. Yeah.
Okay. That will be on first week of March, is it?
Yes. Yes. Think March 7th. March.
Okay. Yeah.
So your last class is going to be, uh, 21st of February?
Yes, sir. Yes.
Okay. So today's topic,
uh, is going to be only two topics are remaining.
That is one is I'm going
to cover generalized advantage estimate,
and another one is called, uh, your, uh,
proximal policy optimization.
Today, I will show you about
what is called generalized advantage estimate.
Let me share the screen
So I'll not take too much of theory here.
I will, I'll give very brief, uh,
theoretical knowledge about it.
Yeah. So I am going back to again,
Lillian Wang's, uh, blog policy gradient.
So my intention is
before getting into policy,
proximal P-P-O-P-P-O algorithm is a very advanced algorithm.
Before that, that is on Saturday class.
I will show you one example of the usage
of all this reinforcement learning algorithm, uh,
into your large language model training.
So I have covered here till, uh, actor critic method.
Okay? So today's topic is going to be
called generalized advantage estimation,
which is one more step ahead of ACT critic method.
So, oh, that is here
theory,
this is DRPO and then PPO.
Did we lose, sir? Yes, I think Got disconnected.
Sir, you are on mute.
Okay, my connection got disconnected.
Okay, so I will just go to the formula for this.
So could you reshare your screen?
Okay, I'm sharing.
So basically this generalized advantage estimate,
this method is implemented already in PPO.
It is proximal policy optimization.
So before that, I, that's why I plan to show you
what is called generalized advantage estimate.
Okay? So before that, what is called advantage.
So advantage is basically this function.
You see that advantage is written by capital A
for the state and action payer.
That is ST and 80.
So ST and 80 is your current state and current action.
But for every time step that you, uh,
take into consideration that is ST
and 80, you can estimate the advantage function.
So that is advantage, basically difference
between Q function and value function.
Okay? So a Q function, it pro it is the
expected sum of discounted reward, having committed
to a particular action,
and V function is averaging across all action
at that particular state.
Okay? So
naturally this Q function value the tendencies.
If the action is good, then the average,
then this Q function value will be higher than
your value function.
So that is our natural, uh,
assumption, which is true.
Basically value function is averaging across all action
for a particular state.
Okay? So average value will be always somewhat, uh,
somewhat a stable value,
whereas individual value will be jumping, okay?
So if this particular value is a positive thing,
then the action is a good action.
If this particular value is a negative thing,
then the action is a negative action.
Um, the action is a bad action.
So we'll have to reduce the probability of taking the action
for that particular state.
So that is the general assumption
by which advantage estimation is working.
Okay? So
what is called generalized advantage estimation then?
So this is called normal advantage, okay?
So generalized advantage is basically
whenever you are trying to, you can think of
you have already, uh, familiar with TD learning.
That is TD zero, TD one, TD two, acute TD in learning, okay?
We have in stands for the number of times steps
that you have moved into the future to estimate your, uh,
future state value function.
So that future state value function will be used
to update your the current state value function.
Okay? So that is TDN learning
and then TD Lambda learning is for all
of this future timestamp that you have gone ahead, each one
of them can provide you a value function.
You can average them by using a lambda term.
So every TD learning function that you're using,
that is value function at the state
of st plus NTA current state st plus n result
in steps into the future.
Okay? So then once you have that value available,
you can multiply all of the individual previous timestamp
of st plus N minus on st plus N minus two
by a factor called Lambda and lambda.
You can take it lambda square,
lambda 2.3 lambda before four like that.
Okay? So that is a weight factor that we're involving
to estimate your general.
It is called TD lambda learning.
So the TD Lambda learning,
whenever it is converted into this function of advantage,
that is called generalized advantage, okay?
So that is the basic philosophy
behind generalized advantage estimate.
So basically, what is a purpose of generalized advantage?
That they want to have a TD lambda learning kind of concept
applicable to this advantage function.
A normally this, uh, uh,
TD lambda learning that is applied on value function, okay?
Instead of they want to apply out in
onto the advantage function.
So that is the main thing behind t uh,
your generalized advantage destination.
So it is given with a formula
that this is the formula
for generalized advantage destination.
Okay? This is the, these are the formulas.
So whether you want to take one time step into the future,
and whether you want to take two times step into the future
or three times step in the future like that, it's okay.
So, uh, there is a td uh, error term.
That TD error term is basically td TD zero.
That means currently you're in a state of st
you have taken one action.
So you're moving into ST plus one state.
At ST plus one state you have a value function
estimate, okay?
So that value function estimate you're using
to update your old estimate.
So that is your TD error term.
So TD era term is this part, RT plus of gamma
multiplier value function available at the state
of ST plus one.
This is your TD target. This part is TD target.
If you take a difference to the previous value estimate,
that is based, it's called error term.
Error term is always noted as delta. Okay?
This delta T is basically that error at a time.
Step T, if you're considering only one time,
step into the future, this is only one time step.
If you're considering two times step into the future, in
that case it'll become, this will be expanded further.
This is V of st plus on you can take one more time,
step into the future so that it'll give you
a reward at the time of T plus one plus
plus the discounted value that is gamma multiplied by
value function available at time T plus two.
Okay? So this is, and everything is pre multiplied by gamma.
So it'll be like this, okay?
So this is two times step into the future.
So that is called delta, uh,
your times step T
and delta at times step T plus on this delta times step T
plus on, it'll be multiplied by a discount factor of gamma.
So this two sum is called your
generalized advantage estimate for the times
43 take two times step into the future, okay?
Like that you can take key number
of timestamp into the future.
So that will become like this formula, okay?
So that is what is called generalized advantage estimation.
So only changes this, the reward function.
Normally we have been keep on using this.
If I go back to uh, Lillian w paper, uh, method
for our actor critic method,
there are a lot of methods out there.
I'm only teaching you basic
methods, okay?
So that is
the general formula for this is basically this one.
The gradient of your cost function is basically expected
overall, the policy expectation, all the policy that is gt,
basically GT stands for your reward at a time.
Step T on word, then gradient log, multi
gradient log prob of a action given is, okay,
now this G is going to be changed with the 80 this,
this 80 will be coming up, whether you want
to take two times step or three times step
or key number of times, step into the future, okay?
So this GT is getting modified with the
generalized advantage.
The rest all will remain same,
Sir. But there
in that a formula, generalized advantage,
there was an R also rt,
and that was the reward, I guess
This ah, yeah.
That is a reward for every timestamp
that you have taken. Ah,
And in that other Lillian's, uh, blog, this
RT becomes GT or
No, this gt, the formula for GT is
this is the reward
that you opt in from timestamp T onward.
Okay? So that will be RT r plus
Plus comma into RT plus
Gamma one T applied by RT plus one plus gamma
Square R plus, yeah, yeah, it'll go on, yeah,
Yeah.
So you can terminate this, uh, this gamma multiplied
by RT factor.
You can terminate it by assuming
that you are getting into a new state into the future.
In that future state, you are having some
kind of health estimation.
You can use that value estimation.
So GT formalize is shown hard here,
And that is why we are replacing GT
by 80 in this concept. Mm-hmm.
Yes Sir.
How will we remember all these things in the exam?
I'm really nervous.
In exam, it is not about writing.
Uh, this, the exam question will be conceptual
question, exact equation.
You may not be able to write it as it is, but
however it should be some kind of mistake in time.
Step is okay?
Mm. I'll show you the GI mean the
calculation of your reward.
This, this factor is called gt the samo.
Yeah, RT plus of L. Okay?
What sir? Where is gamma?
Yeah, gamma, they have not, this is the residual
total reward.
This actually, the GT is basically this gamma to the power
of T multiplied by RT plus of one.
That is called your reward, total reward.
This is called advantage function.
And generalized advantage means you have
to take into account of
off every times step.
You can take into the future from 1, 2, 3, onward.
Anything you can take or every timestamp
that we take into the future, you have a a delta function
associated with that.
This is what basically you have a delta function associated
for every time step into the future.
And again, if you consider this submission, that is delta
T plus gamma to the gamma multiplied by delta.
So basically your, all of your delta term is getting
multiplied by your gamma factor, okay?
So this is basically your instead of reward at a time.
T you can consider delta at a time TT plus on like that
some award them by the factor of gamma.
That is what is called adv, uh, generalized advantage. Okay?
So I will show you my python notebook from here.
So we are going to follow again, a actor critic model.
Only thing is this, uh, delta term.
We are not taking only one time step.
We are taking two times step
that will be multiplied by gamma.
Again, again, we're taking three times step
that will be multiplied by gamma square, okay?
It is going to be like that. Okay?
So I will show you this Python program now.
So have you people gone through any kind of, uh, like
language model in transformer in the course
or out of the course,
Sir? Very basically
last year we did, um,
we did go through a high level overview
of the transform architecture.
Okay? So basically I will show you one use case
using transform architect.
I mean, uh, this use of reinforcement learning
and language model, which is going
to be on a LM basic thing.
I hope all of you are familiar with these things, right?
How to do the supervised, fine tuning for
LLM transformer and all.
So only some prompting we were taught, so nothing great,
and maybe that, um, some temperature parameter, et cetera.
Okay? Nothing, nothing in deep, at least for me.
Okay? Next semester we have sir,
In the current,
Sir, today's, uh, this, uh, Lillian Wes link.
You will, uh, post or is it the same link, sir?
Same link. Okay, for one topic,
she has made a large post like that.
Okay, sir, This one I'll give you,
Uh, this is easy in your notes on ai,
You know already the site, no,
No, uh, it, it was very easy to search ly with you.
Mm, uh, let me give it to you in your chat window itself.
Then I'll send it. What is that? Uh,
it can open from your own.
Okay, so this is a generalized advantage information.
I think I have already executed this.
Yes, I had already executed.
So yeah, so I am just going to show you
what is the, how we have, uh,
how this has been coded out.
Okay? This 80 formula, you can take any time,
step into the future that is the upon you, okay?
However, the gradient of your
objective function is not changing at all.
The gradient, as I told here, is going to be GT multiplied
by grad gradient of log.
Probability of action given is
this GT is modified for generalized advantage estimation
by taking action A, um, by taking this a
notation of a, okay, this is the only difference.
So I'm just going to show you this formula
for this, okay?
This is what is basically code up.
So this 80 Infiniti means you can take infonet number
of steps into the future for that.
So as I told you, just like if you replace this delta with
reward r, instantaneous reward R, you get the sum
of your discounted reward, right?
Instead of that, here, they're taking delta T
pre multiplied by kama factor.
So it basically sum of discounted delta thing, okay?
Now the, this sum
of discounted delta is basically
converted into this formula.
This is simplified version of this formula.
So this, this means that you have hello function
for the timestamp st, okay, that you can take it
as a subtraction factor
and the plus factor is your sum
of discounted reward.
So gamma to the part of L, this is gamma
to the part of L, okay?
Then RT plus LL is starting from zero.
So that means this is basically called sum of
thing.
This compute generalized estimation.
This function is doing that job only,
Okay, where we lost you at the time,
we were explaining that sigma thing,
Okay?
Now it is connected back,
Yeah.
Okay. So I'm just going to show you
the change in this program.
That is, I'm going to show you the function
to do this coding part that is value function
for the timestamp st plus of sum of discounted reward.
Okay? So this part is shown over here.
This is the compute generalized
advantage estimation function.
So you have a value added.
So this is value added, but it is storing the value
for every time step T
because we are going to compute this
for a particular times step 80.
That means at the times step T, you want
to compute the advantage estimate
for which you look at the val value available
to you at a times step T.
So this value is basically it is a
MPA area or torch, uh, tensor variable,
which contains a value for every time step.
Okay? And next value is basically it is given
as a function argument itself, okay?
So this generalized advantage estimate is this ga,
this delta is basically for every time step,
basically this is a length of reward means basically
you have, you have
starting from the small T, you can go into capital T number
of times step because that is capital T is a total number of
total number of times step.
You can go into one episode, okay?
So it is basically length of the episode here, okay?
And then for every time step, you have a reward
that is called instantaneous reward, reward step, this plus
multiplied by value.
This value is basically the
value available to you in the future.
Just one time step ahead to you.
So gamma multiplied by this value,
this basically if you consider this is rt, this is RT,
this is value ST plus one because this is called timestamp.
So at the timestamp of T plus one,
this is the value available to you.
That means this part is basically containing your
TD target, okay?
And then the this mask variable is used that
how many times stepss values are available to you.
This mask is a one dimensional area. It'll be one.
If the values are available to you into this area,
then it'll be one.
Otherwise, let's say it is like, uh,
for every instantaneous times step of T, okay,
you are going into the next step of let's say T plus one.
You are not going beyond that.
So beyond that, those masks will be disable here.
Suppose you are going to consider for times step two, so V
of T plus two, that will be available to you.
And after that, this mask at time,
T time T plus one will be available to you.
Time T plus two, one, what? It'll be set to zero.
So this mask is just to say, just to convey
into this program that
what is the total number timestamp you
are getting into the future.
You are not going to export the whole times
steps available to you.
And this one is basically your tele function at the
timestamp of st.
So this stands for your, just like your TD function,
TD learning, this stands for your error TD error, okay?
So this is called delta. Look at, this is called delta.
The definition of delta is given here, right?
This one, this is a delta at the time step T,
so RT plus of gamma multiplied by VST plus one minus of VST,
and that is what is pulled over RT plus gamma multiplied.
But this VST plus one minus of value at st.
So this is your delta, and this delta, you are going
to take it for your this submission.
At every time step of delta, you need to say, yeah,
so this delta, this, this submission you need to do.
Okay? So for this submission, what are they doing?
This delta. So this GA is basically now a,
they're considering to be multiplicative factor
because there is this part coming up,
this gamma multiplied by this delta.
So from taking the multiplicative, if you don't have gamma,
then you can just do it.
Just normal summation. This J is gonna j plus of this thing.
However, it is going to be multipli factor.
So to pull this J here, multiplicative top, okay?
So that is what is your generalized advantage
estimate, okay?
Now this will be called inside your ACT method.
So this is the act, act method.
In the case of ACT method, what we do is we have a
two separate neural network.
One is for act, other is for critic.
Act is basically standing for your policy network.
Policy network means it'll take the, it'll accept the input,
your state variable,
and it'll produce the output Azure,
all possible actions under every state.
So your output size is basically action dimension.
In case of critic, critic uses poli.
Uh, it is a neur network that is working on value function
actor is a neur network that is working on Q function.
Okay? So for value function, you are going
to produce one single scaler.
That how good is the, I mean, what is the expected utility
for living in a particular state?
So it'll accept the argument which is
belong the state space.
It'll produce only single health.
So this is the forward function.
In the forward I'm producing logic.
Logic is coming from the actor.
And Q help is coming from your critic.
This compute GA will be calling every time.
So this is the training module now.
So in the training module, I start initiation from any,
uh, I reset it to initial state.
Then I have two set of optimizer here, two set of optimizer.
Then I am basically starting
for all the episode, okay?
The auto loop is for all the episode, the inner loop is
within a particular episode.
I am stepping through all the states within an episode.
So first one is this is the starting state.
The starting state. I'm putting into the,
I'm giving it to my model.
That is network. It is producing logic and value.
Value is basically your how good it is
to live in a particular state.
How good it is to live in a particular state of this st.
So it'll produce, it is produce a logic,
it is producing logic that you can convert into a
categorical distribution.
Then this from this categorical distribution,
if you call the sample function, you will get a
action, okay?
You'll get action. This action, if you stepping
through your, from your environment, you'll get a new state,
new reward for taking the action
termination state you are reaching.
The new state is a termination state
or a ation state set.
The down variable, if you're getting into terminal state
or ation state,
can you keep on adding your lock probability of all
of your action For all of this action,
you are transitioning to a new state
for which you have a probability
for transitioning this new state.
This probability, you can get it from this distribution,
this distribution functions law, probability function,
and you keep on adding all of this.
So all of this addition is happening for all of your
state action pair, state action pair.
You just keep on getting your probability of new state.
We add them out. This is happening within a single episode.
That means in a single episode, you have collected all
of your log probability reward.
Okay? So this inner loop is closing here.
This inner loop is closing here.
Now, once one inner loop is closed,
that means you have completed one episode.
Now you can use those collected
information of law probability.
That means probability of next date transition reward,
that you have got everything.
You have got it in a single episode.
Now you are using the training of the model, okay?
So you are having a next state.
This next state is coming from the
next state variable under the environment here.
So this next state, you can give it to your model.
You are going to give a next value.
This next value is going to be used
as a argument into your form two, two GI function.
Okay? And the values are already coming up from your
which place values is coming up, is coming from here
at every timestamp, you have taken a new action, okay?
Your model will return the critic value.
That is this value, this value you keep on appending,
you keep on appending to make this variable called values.
Okay? So by using this area of storage of your value,
the next value, single value, that is a scaler thing.
Now, if you go and look at your compute GA function,
this is a compute GA something, okay?
This is a scaler value.
To make that to a vector, you will just need
to mention it within a third bracket.
Then you can add, then
that means one element is getting appended here,
it is not the submission,
it is one element is getting append.
So you have this value, you can compute this ga.
So this compute GA is going to be
all to find out your return, okay?
And this return is your, it is going to be used
for finding the advantage.
So advantage is going to be return minus of your values.
Okay? This values is the add variable.
This is also add variable.
This stands for at every timestamp what is the return.
This is your advantage. This advantage, you have
to use it for training.
You have to multiply with the log probability
because post function, if you look at the
derivative of the cost function,
it is this part all the time gradient.
I mean your advantage multiplied by gradient of law.
Prob, look at this gradient. We're not finding it out.
We are, we are hoping,
and we are depending on the auto grad function of PyTorch.
So we are multiplying this advantage with this lock prob
of action A given is, so this lock prob is already stored.
This lock code is coming up from here.
This is the lock probative action at a particular state.
Okay? So that is a lock probability multiplied
by your advantage value.
Take the A of all of them. That is a actor loss.
What is a critic loss?
Critic loss is critic loss is basically this means
square error of this thing that is return
minus of value whole square.
So that's why this is power to the part two.
And then take the advantage of this a, of this
advantage square variable.
Okay? So that is the critical loss.
Then you do this optimizer standard mechanism
of doing the back propagation, set the gradient to be zero,
then do a loss backward and do a step function.
Mm-hmm. And here is the
output of that for your cart full environment.
As the episode is increasing, your
expected sum of discounted reward
is not increasing too much.
However, it is settling down to 10, the value
of nine 10, okay?
So it is basically providing a stable version.
Your, uh, expected sum
of discounted reward is not jumping too much.
If you look at it, it provides a stability of your output.
Even though the first episode, it has gone for reward of 27.
After that, it has settled down quickly.
That means your, uh, algorithm
is a stable algorithm.
Your reward is not jumping too much.
This formula is not implemented. This is from TD learning.
What is implemented here is this part alone.
Okay? So do you have any question,
sir?
We have to figure out these. Yeah.
Uh, these programs are not required for you to get expertise
because this, I'm doing for you to get a brief,
uh, understanding about this. Yeah.
So sir, in in summary, these advantages are used, uh,
to compute the loss and later for back propagation, right?
Mm, yes. Okay.
So for every neural network,
you would require a loss function
and the loss function, uh, you have
to find out your gradient.
So this is your gradient
of your loss function.
Loss function, okay? So this gradient,
we are not doing it manually.
What we're doing is advantage multiplied by block
A given S, and then we give it to,
and they'll do the, uh, back progression.
This is for policy network for the value network.
This is not the, this is not the loss function.
The value network loss function is the reward
minus of value function available at that particular time.
Instead. So here is, there are two loss function here.
That is why I have two network here.
Your actor losses, the one that you always do
for gradient lock probability
and your critic losses advantage whole square.
So it is basically means squared error for the advantage.
Your advantage is return minus of your health.
Okay? Sir, I'm not sharing this program
because these are not going to be tested
for your exam.
So next class, I will try to finish up PPO
after that, this coming week,
this Saturday, I'll finish up your PPO.
This coming week is going to be the last class. Okay?
I don't need to extend it beyond that.
So this coming week, that means Wednesday
and 14th, uh, Saturday.
I'll finish up the course.
Okay, well, I'll only saw you some use case
of this reinforcement learning
and large language model training.
Okay? This last week is going to be on application side.
If you want anything more to be covered, let me know so
that I can plan it.
I'm thinking not to extend it beyond 14th. Okay?
You can okay. Come up with your suggestion in, uh,
seventh that day.
Otherwise, we'll finish up everything on 14th of this month,
yeah, shows.
Okay. Thank you, sir. Sir, you sir.
Good night, sir. Okay, good. Thank you, sir.